Replace local tags warning with debug log and documentation (#4040)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/taggers.md

aliases: [/docs/how-tos/taggers]
---

Skaffold supports multiple taggers or tag policies for tagging images:

 + the `gitCommit` tagger uses git commits/references to tag images.
 + the `sha256` tagger uses `latest` to tag images.
 + the `envTemplate` tagger uses environment variables to tag images.

>  + the `datetime` tagger uses current date and time, with a configurable pattern.

Reviewer: We should say which is the default up here.

### Configuration

The tag policy is specified in the `tagPolicy` field of the `build` section
of the `skaffold.yaml` configuration file.

{{% readfile file="samples/taggers/git.yaml" %}}

> The default tagger, if none is specified in the `skaffold.yaml`, is the `git` tagger.

Reviewer: I think this should be moved above.  And it's the `gitCommit` tagger.

For a detailed discussion on Skaffold configuration, see
[Skaffold Concepts]({{< relref "/docs/design/config.md" >}}) and
[skaffold.yaml References]({{< relref "/docs/references/yaml" >}}).

### How tagging works

 + Image tags are computed before the images are built.
 + No matter the tagger, Skaffold always uses immutable references in Kubernetes manifests.

>    Which reference is used depends on whether the images are pushed or not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Which reference is used depends on whether the images are pushed to a registry or loaded directly into the cluster (such as via the Docker daemon):
```

     + **When images are pushed**, their immutable digest is available. Skaffold then references
       images both by tag and digest. Something like `image:tag@sha256:abacabac...`.
       Using both the tag and the digest seems superfluous but it guarantees immutability
       and helps users quickly see which version of the image is used.

>      + **When images are not pushed**, digests are not available. We have the tags and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     + **When images are loaded directly into the cluster**, such as loading into the cluster's Docker daemon, digests are not available. We have the tags and the
```
